the quadruple nuts I have never seen
I do not remember seeing a full picture
Yes Yes Yes
I try it plushenko in a championship and
he has tried it already in fact he did
in a grand prix I do not remember in what era
him in america on skate america if yes
it will be the first time that I have
seen quadruple quadruple alcohol 'toe
you have to see it you have to see it
today nobody else does it because
if he does he does it at the beginning so
get ready because for me it can be a
historical or what to do in ripoll
to a quadruple light
to the asphalt half turn completely
but we will have to see
how they are accounted for
the triple axel
very good pirouettes was the difference
speed with benzine
triple light
triplet wow
very fast machines
what good program is doing be
See what pirouettes what speed
looks like the skin
it's the difficult entry
what is one more level and at the same place
and here the three positions camel goes down and
vertical
other level
yes although strength and with what claw yes
sir yes sir is missing the last
combination of pirouette with the three
positions the three basic positions
of these and camelo foot
but to work
gives Level 4 and take a look around the
Technical score now exceeds
Awesome
I think it lacks rotation like that
it lacks rotation
will have to see yes
if the effort has been worth it
it will have to be seen because normally he
does he use it as a tactic because
even if you miss a room if you deserve the
sorry being under rotate now but if that
mean massacre already pass it as if
out a triple nothing else comes out
count as if it were triple and
less
no longer deserves here is let's see
look at the 123 boot is that in the absence of
the family has completely missed
half
that's not a quadruple fight is a
try four times but surely it
they are going to degrade it, it would have deserved more
worth doing triple flip
I would have told him five and a half
but this thing that goes down of 4 points that had
in principle a quadruple a quadruple
lutz me part that are 11 peak I do not know
the
yes the combination very many
quad lutz
but that are 13 points
that burrada and they have lowered it to triple
light that are 6 clear is that more than double
plus the boe that is negative to clark
attentive but then when you see the
protocols and see how they have downloaded
also in the combination of the first
be in the combination triple the
triplet in the in the first light we go in
the first jump that is a look has
missing has lacked a little bit of spin
with which also there will have its
small penalty but good is a
skater 75 76 77 the best season
the best note of the season has been 76
98 will not have any problems without doubt adam
pace to be in the final but it's
true maybe this strategy
I would have to review it
You would do it again this time
be strategically that quadruple look
that yes it is that it has come to do
is that he has managed to do
then there is the doubt you never know
but to this today to this day I do not think that
it was worth it
return to 36 in technique 38 in
presentation when they fuck and rafael in
trainer rafa air doctor jan when
see the protocol they will see the failures
and especially the two looks the quadruple
has done and then the triple